I am a Computer Science student minoring in Entrepreneurship & Statistics and Analytics at UNC-Chapel Hill. The field of computer science has always been a personal passion for me; my journey started with reading the book "How to Use HTML3" by Scott Arpajian in third grade. Since then, I grew in love with tackling real-world challenges by assembling code and infrastructure like puzzle pieces. From designing websites to developing apps to writing bootloaders, I was fascinated with how various software work in harmony to empower our world.

With the growing dependence of data in our daily lives, I am intrigued by how analyses and insights can drive the decision-making process. Growing up in the relatively quiet suburb in North Carolina almost my entire life, I see the impact of data across a number of diverse communities. After graduation, I plan on pursuing a career in the fields of data science and data engineering elsewhere where data can similarly empower all communities.

Currently, I would like to gain further experience in the fields of data science and data engineering as well as technical consulting. My skillsets expand on software engineering and data science to include writing business plans and other entrepreneurial-related activities. I am always eager to learn new technologies, find new opportunities, and prove I can be a leader. I believe the future to the data-enabled world is ensuring proper science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics (STEAM) education for the new generation of doers.